[daikin] Support BRP069A81 adapter (#15456)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.daikin/README.md

# Daikin Binding

The Daikin binding allows you to control your Daikin air conditioning units with openHAB.

> In order to do so, your Daikin air conditioning unit must have a supported WiFi adapter installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do so, your Daikin air conditioning unit must have a supported Wi-Fi adapter installed.
```

This may work with the older KRP series of wired adapters, but has not been tested with them.

## Supported Things

> | Thing             | Daikin Wifi Adapter Model                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Thing             | Daikin Wi-Fi Adapter Model                 |
```
